So let's do the Link Post Format in this lecture.
So let's go and create a file called content-link.
And let's go to the guide and see what the link format should look like.
So Link Post Format is a link to another site.
Themes may wish to use the first A tag in the post as the external link for the post.
An alternative approach could be if the post consists of only a URL
then that will we the URL of the post and the post title will be the name attached to the anchor for it.
So let's go to this post.
And it's gone now because we created an empty content-link file.
So let's go to this post in the backend. Let's search for "link". And let's edit it.
And what this guide suggested is that this post will only contain
a URL. And then we will display this URL in a certain way. So what we'll do is
basically the same thing we did for the "aside".
So let's copy this and paste.
What we do is, we display the content. And the content will just a URL. And we'll also display the date.
And in the single page we display the tags and categories.
So let's see what will this look like. And as you can
see we've post content which will be just a link. And we want to
display this link maybe in a more significant way.
So I think I added some styling but if this is called "excerpt" and not "content".
So let's do that.
And for this class I added a background color and I made the text for the link a little bit bigger.
So let's inspect. So since you are using the post_class() function
each post will have some classes and you already know that. One of
these classes will have the "format" . So we have "format-link" here. So I
used this class "format-link" and then "post__excerpt" and then P tag.
And the P tag
is the P tag that will be automatically added by the WordPress editor.
And then style this P tag and the link to look a little bit different.
So that's actually it for the Link Post Format.
Your post format will be just a link. And then you'll display the content here in a certain way.
So let's see the Quote Post Format in the next lecture.
It will be a bit similar to the Link Post Format. So see you in the next lecture.